Improve how to contribute (#530)
giselles-ai/giselle: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Development environment setup

Giselle has both a Cloud version and a Self-hosting version, which can be found in the following directories:

- Cloud: [apps/studio.giselles.ai/](apps/studio.giselles.ai/)
- Self-hosting: [apps/playground/](apps/playground/)

> External contributors should contribute to the Self-hosting version. Please follow the [Getting Started](apps/playground#getting-started) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
External contributors may find it easier to contribute to the Self-hosting version. Please follow the [Getting Started](apps/playground#getting-started) guide.
```
